# Project Name

Verve Access:
- is a one-stop shop B2B platform for all corporates (Issuers, Acquirers, Perso and Corporate)companies and Partners who do business with Verve International.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Configuration](#configuration)


## Introduction

- The portal was developed to automate all Scheme activities for the Verve Scheme member(s).
- The portal allows the submission of Request and approval for Artwork/Design requests, Card production requests, Decal & BIN requests.
- It provides direct access to Verve operating rules, guidelines, Verve forms and other Verve documents.
- Automated decryption and review of Verve Member Monthly Report (VMMR) submitted by banks.
- eport Hosting (e.g VMMR, Hologram stock report).
- It also provides Scheme members direct link to FIME certification portal.
- The platform works on a maker-checker basis, which means that for every initiating request, there must be an approval leg.




## Features

- Artwork request & Approval
   -  It provides banks the ability to submit artwork requests in cases where the Card perso is not available to do so.

- Card production request & approval
   - It provides access to request for Verve branded (Card) items.

- Decal request & approval
   - It provides access to request for Verve branded (Decals) items.

- Report
   - It provides easy access to Verve Scheme rules and guidelines.

- User Management & Permissions.
   - It provides access to create and manage users within the verve access platform

- Contact Details
   - It provides access to scheme admin to have access to Corporate instition users details.

- Request
     - It provides an easy means of submitting and processing requests such as Bank Identification Number (BIN), AID (Acquirer Identification Number).
     
- Verve Member Monthly Report (VMMR)    
    - Verve Member Monthly Report (VMMR) is a monthly report generated by banks and shared with the Scheme management team for review and documentation.

    - The report is generated by running a script provided by Verve on the bank’s postillion office to spool transactions carried out by Verve Cardholders throughout the month.

    - This script has recently been enhanced to become a script service. The script service is then deployed to the bank’s postillion.

    - The report generated by the script service is encrypted and the banks upload it to the Verve access portal. This new procedure eliminates the manual process and promotes automation. It also assures that the report remains secure and unaltered.
     
    - It provides a secure means to upload VMMR and other reports.


## Prerequisites
The Below dependencies should be install
-  VScode or any code Editor
-  Node
- cypress

## Getting Started

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone 

# Navigate to the project directory
cd your-project

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run Cypress in interactive mode
npm run cypress:open

# Run Cypress in headless mode (for CI/CD)
npm run cypress:run# cypress
